{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab529
\pard\tx529\pardeftab529\pardirnatural

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 Over 30% of men suffer from premature ejaculation. 10% of men are affected by erectile dysfunction.\
It\'92s possible to relieve depression through masturbation.\
"The longer a man\'92s ring finger is compared to his index finger, the more testosterone he has."\
"The average aroused vagina is 4 inches long \'96 shorter than the average erect penis, which measures in at 6 inches."\
"The average woman can reach orgasm in about 4 minutes through masturbation, while through intercourse, it can take 10 \'96 20 minutes."\
"Sneezes, along with orgasms, are the only physiological responses that cannot be voluntarily stopped once they have started."\
Straight men tend to have smaller penises than gay men.\
85% of women are very satisfied with their partner\'92s penis size.\
Evidence exists indicating that penis size may be linked to index finger length.\
"In rare cases, menstrual cramps have been known to bring about orgasm."\
The amount of wet dreams a man is likely to have increases in line with the number of years spent in formal education.\
"Compared to anywhere else, adults are more likely to tell a lie in bed."\
The majority of women prefer to have sex in the dark.\
Men find women with enlarged pupils more sexually attractive.\
"When having sex, black women are 50% more likely to reach orgasm than white women."\
"60% of non-smoking women have had no sexual partners in the past year, while 70% of women who smoke have had more than four lovers over the same timescale."\
Women who are prone to migraines tend to have a higher sex drive than those who are not.\
Thirty four per cent of men have told lies in order to have sex. Ten per cent of women have done the same.\
More than 50% of all cheating wives choose married men as their lovers.\
About 1% of women can achieve orgasm solely through breast stimulation.\
"Within the week, 22% of women tell at least five friends about their first sexual experience with a partner."\
70% of men and women admit to having fantasised about someone else while having sex.\
Two thirds of runners admit to having thought about sex while running.\
"68% of men and 59% of women had a sexual liaison with someone in their past, which they have not told their current partner about."\
An overwhelming majority of sexual partners have only skimpy knowledge of what truly turns each other on.\
Varsity athletes have more sex. It probably has something to do with being fit and flexible. Which likely makes for more versatility and stamina in the bedroom. There\'92s a study that proves it!\
Sex burns 360 calories a day.\
"In Colorado, it is against the law to kiss a sleeping woman. But how would they know unless they have bedroom cameras? This isn\'92t Big Brother. And who doesn\'92t love waking up to kisses?! Weird."\
"During the female orgasm, endorphines are released, which are powerful painkillers. A lovemaking session can release the tension that restricts blood vessels in the brain. So headaches are in fact a bad excuse not to have sex."\
There are approximately 100 million acts of sexual intercourse each day.\
The penalty for masturbation in Indonesia is decapitation.\
The typical person spends about 600 hours having sex between the ages of 20 and 70.\
"On average, it takes two tablespoons of blood to get a man\'92s penis erect."\
Donald Duck comics were once banned from Finland because Donald doesn\'92t wear pants.\
"According to psychologists, the shoe and the foot are the most common sources of sexual fetishism in Western society."\
"Studies have proven that 85 per cent of men who die of heart attacks during intercourse, are found to have been cheating on their wives. Hmmm, guilty consciences I suppose."\
"The G-spot, a sensitive area located inside the vagina on the upper wall, an inch or two behind the back of the pubic bone, is named for Dr. Ernest Grafenberg. G, (get it?) thanks Doc."\
"Sex is a beauty treatment. Scientific tests find that when women make love they produce amounts of the hormone estrogen, which makes hair shine and skin smooth."\
"In the Aztec culture avocados were considered so sexually powerful, virgins were restricted from contact with them."\
"Marilyn Monroe, the most celebrated sex icon of the 20th century, confessed to a friend that despite her three husbands and a parade of lovers, she had never had an orgasm."\
Studies show that women who went to college are more likely to enjoy oral sex (giving and receiving) than high school dropouts.\
The modern psychiatric definition of nymphomaniac is a woman who cannot experience sexual satisfaction regardless of the number of orgasms or partners she has.\
Approximately 1% of people worldwide identify as asexual (having no strong sexual attraction to either sex).\
Researchers say that condoms exposed to smog and ozone are less effective.\
"A survey in Cosmopolitan magazine said that foreplay usually last 14 to 17 minutes for the average married couple, and that the man typically reaches orgasm after six minutes of copulation."\
The vagina and the eye are self-cleaning organs.\
Hate the gym? You burn about 200 calories during 30 minutes of active sex.\
"Historical records show that even in 1850, women attempted to practice birth control. The most common method was a mixture of crocodile dung and honey placed in the vagina in the hopes of preventing pregnancy."\
Sex is the safest tranquilizer in the world. It is 10 times more effective than valium!\
"For every \'91normal\'92 webpage, there are five porn pages."\
Sex is biochemically no different from eating large quantities of chocolate.\
"Males, on average, think about sex every 7 seconds \'97 which is basically how long it took you to read this sentence."\
A man\'92s beard grows fastest when he anticipates sex.\
Women who read romance novels have sex twice as often as those who don\'92t.\
"Topless saleswomen are legal in Liverpool, England \'96 but only in tropical fish stores. (But of course!)"\
"\'93Ithyphallophobia\'94 is a morbid fear of seeing, thinking about or having an erect penis."\
\'93Formicophilia\'94 is the fetish for having small insects crawl on your genitals. Gross!!\
"In India, it is cheaper to have sex with a prostitute than buy a condom!"\
Having sex can reduce a fever because of the sweat produced.\
The average shelf-life of a latex condom is about two years.\
"The Vibrator, a common sex toy for women, was originally designed in the 19 century to fight the anxiety-related symptoms of hysteria. There was even a play done about it, In the Next Room (also known as he Vibrator Play) in 2009."\
"In earlier times, masturbation was believed to lead to blindness, madness, sudden death and other unpleasant diseases. Present research, however, shows no connection."\
"Humans have the LARGEST penis of all primates. A man will ejaculate approximately 18 quarts of semen, containing half a trillion sperm, in his lifetime."\
The Geisha of Japan would not perform fellatio because it was considered demeaning for the cultured to do so.\
A medical study conducted in Pennsylvania showed that people who have sex once or twice a week have their immune systems boosted slightly.\
"During the 1920s, it was believed that jazz music caused one to permanately lose his sexual inhibitions. It was often banned in many cities. One private company went as far as to sell the elites \'93jazz proof\'94 furniture."\
"The earliest known illustration of a man using a condom during sexual intercourse is painted on the wall of a cave in France. It is dated between 12,000 and 15,000 years old."\
"According to a survey of sex shop owners, cherry is the most popular flavor of edible underwear. Chocolate is the least popular."\
"Gentle, relaxed lovemaking reduces your chances of suffering dermatitis, skin rashes and blemishes. The sweat produced cleanses the pores and makes your skin glow."\
Viagra was released in 1998 with over $411 million in profits within its first three months.\
"Sex is an instant cure for mild depression. It releases endorphins into the bloodstream, producing a sense of euphoria and leaving you with a feeling of well-being."\
"The more sex you have, the more you will be offered. The sexually active body gives off greater quantities of chemicals called pheromones. These subtle sex perfumes drive the opposite sex crazy!"\
"Kissing each day will keep the dentist away. Kissing encourages saliva to wash food from the teeth and lowers the level of the acid that causes decay, preventing plaque build-up."\
"It takes sperm about 48 hours to move up the vaginal canal, through the cervix, and into the fallopian tube where fertilization begins."\
A lot of sex can unblock a stuffy nose. Sex is a natural antihistamine. It can help combat asthma and hay fever.\
"When surveyed, it was found that 20 per cent of men and 13 per cent of women have had sex in the workplace (either with a co-worker or just simply in the workplace environment with someone). LDU can tell you how to get away with it."\
Muslims are banned from looking at the genitals of a corpse. This also applies to undertakers; the sex organs of the deceased must be covered with a brick or piece of wood at all times.\
"In Santa Cruz, Bolivia, it is illegal for a man to have sex with a woman and her daughter at the same time. Makes you raise an eyebrow as to why that rule had to even be officially made."\
"Most men\'92s erections are five and a half to six inches long. Although men\'92s penis sizes tend to vary greatly when they\'92re soft, the smaller ones expand more when erect than the larger ones."\
A study shows that 70 percent of married men and women masturbate despite the fact that they should be \'93getting it\'94 more. Odd. But fun.\
More than 44 per cent of men and women initiate sex as often as their partners. The rest are clearly just lame.\
Pubic hair is programmed to grow a certain amount.\
"The term \'93blow job\'94 comes from the Victorian times. In Victorian times, a slang term for a prostitute was \'93blowsy.\'94 At the same time, \'93blow\'94 was slang for ejaculation. Consequently, by the 1930s, the act of fellatio came to be known as a blow job."\
"In Ancient Greece, the common slang for a blow job was \'93playing the flute.\'94"\
Performing the act of fellatio massages the jaw while burning anywhere from 30-50 calories per session.\
"Semen contains zinc and calcium, both of which are proven to prevent tooth decay."\
Studies have shown that men who look at male porn produce more sperm. The studies have shown that the men who watch two men and one woman produced more sperm than those who looked at just women. Scientists speculate that seeing competition makes men step up their baby-making capacities.\
"In Victorian times, whores wore pubic wigs. The pubic wig, known as merkins, has been around since the 1400s when it was originally worn by women who had shaved their pubic hair off to prevent lice. In the Victorian times it was frequently worn by prostitutes who wanted to conceal the fact that they had diseases like syphilis (swear we\'92re not merkin\'92 this up). They come in all shapes, sizes and designs (even sparkly butterflies)."\
Condoms were originally made of animal intestines or linen.\
"The word \'93fuck\'94 is actually an accurate acronym. It dates back to the Good Old Days, when England was severely underpopulated due to the usual combination of fire/war/plague, and the King issued an official order to\'85 well, fuck, to replenish the population. Hence the phrase \'93Fornicate Under Command of the King\'94 passed into everyday language."\
The word \'93sex\'94 was coined in 1382. And that\'92s all I got on that.\
"Over half of American adults have used the phone, email or text message to have sex."\
"According to studies, the larger a man\'92s testicles, the more likely he is to stray."\
75% of Japanese women own a vibrator. The average worldwide is 47%.\
It takes two tablespoons of blood to get the average man\'92s penis erect.\
"During their lifetime, the average driver will have sex in their car six times."\
Americans spend twice as much money on pornography as they do on biscuits.\
"The clitoris contains twice as many nerve fibres as the penis \'96 a toe-curling 8,000."\
One in five women living with their boyfriend has more than one sexual partner.\
"Besides humans, bonobos (a type of chimp) and dolphins are the only animals that have sex for pleasure."\
It tends to be easier for women to orgasm during ovulation than at any other time in their cycle.\
The size of the vagina decreases by 30% as orgasm becomes imminent.\
"While giving birth, some women have been known to experience orgasm."\
"Inside the female body, sperm cells can survive for up to nine days."\
"For up to 70% of women, simultaneous direct stimulation of the clitoris during intercourse is essential for them to reach orgasm."\
People who have sex about three times a week are perceived to look four to seven years younger.\
Women place a higher importance on looks than men do when looking for a casual sex partner.\
"But that may not be smart. One poll found that computer nerds make the best lovers, with 82 percent of IT geeks claiming they put their partner\'92s pleasure above their own."\
"Sadly, only 41 percent of fitness professionals were as selfless."\
"Get it on the night before you need to bring some great ideas to the office. According to anthropologist Helen Fisher, Ph.D., sex triggers brain chemicals that can improve creativity at work."\
Don\'92t wait to feel turned on before you make a move. Most women experience arousal after the fun has already begun. \
Single women are more attracted to men who are taken than to those who are available.\
Strippers earn more money when they\'92re ovulating. Scientists suspect it\'92s because of the pheromones their body releases. Do a striptease for your guy when you\'92re ovulating two weeks before your period\'97and it will likely create some serious heat.\
"An orgasm can cure your stage fright! A Scottish study found that following Sexual release, people had an easier time with public speaking."\
"Guys find your voice more attractive during that time of the month\'97 meaning, period sex is a prime time to add some dirty talk to the mix."\
One study found that men on the prowl are more likely to spend money on luxury items for themselves than those who aren\'92t searching for a mate._x000C_\
Watch a short porn scene before hopping in bed with your guy. Research found that 58 percent of men and women who regularly use porn felt more comfortable with their sexuality and tending to their partner\'92s sexual needs.\
It\'92s the sweet stuff that really gets females hot. A study found that women were more turned on watching a man kissing a woman than having sex with her. So try kissing him in front of a mirror.\
A UK study found that most men prefer women with some curves to super-skinny waifs.\
"Try a little spanking during sex, and don\'92t worry about the sting. Oxytocin, one of the sex chemicals released when you\'92re getting it on, reduces pain by about half. "\
Peyronie\'92s disease is a condition in which a man\'92s penis curves. A drug used to straighten bent fingers is now being tested to fix it. \
A study says intercourse lasts about 16 minutes for Europeans and just 7 minutes for Americans. Make a ring with your fingers and squeeze around the base of his shaft to make him last longer.\
Men take more risks when they know hot women are looking.\
Snuggle with him while watching TV at night. Couples who cuddle regularly are eight times less likely to get depressed than those who kiss only during intercourse.\
"Experts have discovered that high levels of the hormone oestradiol make women more likely to cheat. The reason? It creates bigger breasts and smaller waists. As a result, they tend to get more attention and, therefore, have more sexual opportunities."\
Researchers found that watching porn doesn\'92t negatively affect a man\'92s views about women.\
A poll found that those who consume the most online pornography live in the most conservative and religious states.\
One study done on newlyweds found that couples\'92 negative feelings about their sex life had more of an impact on their marital satisfaction than concerns about nonsexual issues did.\
Athletic women say their sexual performance is better...\
...and maybe that\'92s because female pro athletes have both better clitoral blood flow and higher sexual satisfaction than women who don\'92t exercise.\
"Furthermore, one study found that just 20 minutes of exercise before going at it will improve your sexual response."\
"Take time to really figure out your feelings\'97it could help you in the bedroom. See, women with high emotional intelligence experience more orgasms."\
"Almost 53 percent of women have used external stimulation. If you haven\'92t tried it, start with a small one that won\'92t overwhelm you."\
"A study of college students found that over a two-year period, both men and women had twice as many hook-ups as first dates."\
"Worldwide, only 30 percent of men are circumcised. Dating an uncut guy? Keep in mind that the tip of his penis may be more sensitive because it\'92s not always exposed. So you may need to use a slightly more gentle touch."\
"The average number of sexual partners for heterosexual men is seven; for heterosexual women, it\'92s four."\
A woman has a better shot at climaxing during sex if the walls of her vaginal canal are stimulated. A study found that penis length doesn\'92t help accomplish this\'97girth does. Make him feel girthier by keeping your legs together during sex. It creates more friction.\
"Still, that doesn\'92t stop men from seeking out enhancements. A handful of new gadgets on the market claim to help men add length and possibly girth to their penis."\
"If that doesn\'92t work, he can try dropping a few kilos. For every 16 kilos an overweight man loses, his penis appears to grow one inch."\
"Scientists believe that some women have a more active G-spot than others. Trying various positions, like leaning back while you\'92re on top, may help him stimulate it if yours isn\'92t as active."\
Having sex once a week can improve your immune function by 30 percent.\
One study found that women get physically aroused by a much wider variety of erotic imagery than men do.\
Researchers are testing Viagra on women with sexual dysfunction\'9772 percent of those taking it noticed improvement in their sexual response.\
"A 2010 study found that the better a woman\'92s genital self-image, the easier it is for her to orgasm."\
Phew! Most couples over 65 in the US still have sex at least once a week.\
"It was discovered that wearing two inch heels may improve the strength of the pelvic muscles, which in turn helps you orgasm."\
A study found that 84 percent of women have had sex just to \'91keep the peace\'92 with their partner.\
"For five minutes per day, tense and relax your PC muscles (the ones that hold in pee). It may give you better orgasms."\
 A woman is more likely to want to commit adultery during ovulation than at any other time in her cycle.\
Telling a convincing lie to someone is much more difficult when you find them sexually attractive.\
"Minute quantities of over 30 different substances have been identified in human semen. These include nitrogen, fructose, lactic acid, ascorbic acid, inositol, cholesterol, glutathione, creatine, pyruvic acid, citric acid, sorbitol, urea, uric acid and Vitamin B12, along with various salts and enzymes."\
"Chocolate contains phenylethylamine, the same feel-good chemical responsible for the ecstatic high people experience through sexual attraction and love."\
Women who have given birth have darker labia minora than women who haven\'92t.\
The majority of women experience a peak in libido just before their period.\
" -321\'b0F is the temperature at which sperm banks store donor semen. At this temperature, semen can be stored indefinitely."\
The point at which the average man reaches his sexual peak is between the ages of 17 and 18.\
The earth could be re-populated to its current level using the number of sperm that could fit into an aspirin capsule.\
A chicken egg could accommodate the number of female ova necessary to repopulate the earth to its present numbers.\
"During sexual intercourse, in addition to the genitals and breasts, the inner nose also swells."\
"White women are the most likely to engage in anal sex, particularly if they also have a college degree."\
"During erection, a smaller flaccid penis tends to have a greater percentage increase than a larger flaccid penis."\
A teaspoon of semen contains approximately 5 calories.\
Sex burns off an average of about 100 calories per session.\
"On average, from two to five million sperm are released each time a man ejaculates."\
" During any given period, women who read romance novels have a tendency to have twice as many lovers as those who don\'92t."\
 Almost a third of all women over 80 years of age still have sex with their spouse or boyfriend.\
"For both men and women, the heart rate averages 140 beats per minute at the point of orgasm."\
"The average woman will have sex more than 3,000 times over the course of her reproductive years."\
Most men under 40 years of age can achieve an erection in less than 10 seconds.\
Heterosexual anal sex is something 43% of women have experienced.\
"Women consider penis size the ninth most important feature for a man, while men rate it much more highly, in third place."\
" When a man ejaculates, the initial spurt travels at 28 miles per hour \'96 faster than the world record for the 100m sprint, which currently stands at 22.9 miles per hour."\
" In one hour, the average sperm can swim seven inches."\
"With nothing in its path, a penis can shoot semen anywhere from 12 to 24 inches."\
 The longest erect penis on record was 13 inches. The smallest was 1cm.\
 There are 20 male masochists for every female masochist.\
The average adult testicle contains enough sperm to measure a quarter of a mile laid out end to end.\
" For 75% of men, ejaculation occurs within 3 minutes of penetration."\
"During an average man\'92s lifetime, he will ejaculate approximately 17 litres of semen, which amounts to about half a trillion sperm."\
The testes increase in size by 50% when a man is sexually aroused.\
 Australians are the most receptive to the idea of having a threesome \'96 28% of them claim to have tried it.\
1 in 50 people claim to have had sex in an aeroplane.\
 15% of adults have had sexual intercourse at work.\
 41% of men would like to have sex more frequently. Only 29% of women share this urge.\
"Greek couples have sex an average of 138 times a year \'96 placing them at the top of the world sex league. Japanese couples have sex just 45 times a year, which puts them in last place."\
 5% of adults have sex once a day. 20% have sex 3 - 4 times per week.\
" Every time they engage in oral sex with their partner, 30% of women swallow."\
"When sexually aroused, 60% of men get erect nipples."\
 Half of single women have sex by the third date.\
80% of men living in the USA have been circumcised.\
Women over 40 years of age are more likely to masturbate than any other group.\
There\'92s a direct link between how often a man has sex and his life expectancy.\
"According to experts, sex is about 10 times more effective as a tranquilliser than Valium."\
"Sex can relieve a headache \'96 it releases the tension, which restricts blood vessels in the brain."\
44% of women find it impossible to enjoy sex with a man who is not their intellectual equal. Just 31% of men share this problem.\
"There are about 1,000 recognised euphemisms for \'91vagina\'92 in the English language."\
"At any given time, 25% of people are daydreaming about sex."\
A global Durex survey found that Austrians engage in oral sex more than people in any other country.\
"Women are 10 times more sensitive to touch than men are. So before the action really gets going, ask him to run his fingers over yourentire body."\
Two-thirds of college students have been involved in a friends-withbenefits situation.\
Your morning coffee may be an aphrodisiac: one study found that caffeine made rats hornier.\
A study found that women experience more pleasure with men who make more money.\
Thirty-six percent of people under 35 go on Facebook or Twitter or send texts after sex.\
The \'91sexual pursuit\'92 part of a man\'92s brain is two-and-a-half times bigger than women\'92s.\
Married women get it on more often than unmarried women do.\
"Experts have discovered a new pleasure centre: the anterior fornix, known as the A-spot, located on the upper wall of the vagina, near the cervix. When stimulated, it increases lubrication. The moves that arouse your G-spot will hit this area too."\
"An Archives Of Sexual Behaviour study found that after looking at sexy images, most women showed physical signs of arousal but didn\'92t feel that hot."\
That glazed look a man gets when he sees breasts? His visual brain circuits are on the lookout for signs of fertility.\
"The best orgasms are the ones where all your senses are engaged. But researchers found that when you\'92re lying down, some senses are reduced. Try climbing on top."\
"Thirty minutes of sex burns, on average, 85 or more calories."\
"In a study conducted with British and Namibian subjects, researchers found that although each group could identify sounds of anger or fear in the other group, neither recognised the others\'92 moans of delight as sounds of pleasure."\
"When women orgasm, the areas of the brain associated with fear shut off."\
"The more genetically diverse a woman is, the greater her number of partners. Potential mates are attracted to those who are dissimilar, so the more variation in her DNA, the more appealing she is. "\
Eighty-two percent of people who say they are sexually satisfied also report feeling respected by their partner during sex.\
Experts say that regular sex can help alleviate migraines.\
Make Sunday cleaning day and you might see your sex life spike. A paper found that couples who do more housework have more sex. \
"Giving him a massage may get you excited, as much as him."\
Women with greater finger sensitivity had more sex with their partner.\
One in every four Americans is \'91too tired\'92 to have sex.\
African-Americans and Hispanics have sex before going to bed more frequently than whites and Asians do.\
Fifty-six percent of men say they wish their penis was bigger. Boost his ego when you\'92re down south by saying \'93I can\'92t even take all of you in.\'94\
"Exploring your spirituality, whether it\'92s by reading a spiritual book or learning to meditate, could improve your sex life."\
Women who were sexually unsatisfied found that practicing meditation improved their arousal and gave them better orgasms.\
Thirty-one percent of men reported having trouble getting an erection...\
...And 34 percent of men had trouble maintaining one.\
"While 95 percent of women consider penile - vaginal intercourse sex, only 89 percent agree if there\'92s no ejaculation."\
"Couples who don\'92t have a TV in their bedroom have 50 percent more sex. According to researchers, getting it on decreases significantly with the addition of a television."\
A study done of 900 films over a four-year period found that sex and nudity in movies did not boost box-office success.\
About one-half of couples find that each partner initiates sex equally as often.\
One survey found that Spain has the best lovers...or at least that\'92s how their women rated them.\
A recent study found that people with higher rates of poverty had more sex.\
Keep your gaze locked on his. Experts say eye contact can increase sexual attraction and the sex can hit the roof!\
"According to the Museum of Sex, the vibrator was originally used as a medicinal treatment for female ""hysteria"" during the 19th century. The vibrator-induced orgasms helped doctors dissipate hysteria's anxiety-related symptoms."\
"The iconic ""Rabbit"" is renowned for two things: excellent orgasm results and an odd smiley face on its tip. Women's Health tells us the smiley face was actually a result of conservative Japanese customs. Apparently, Japanese consumers frown upon ""the production of sex toys that too closely resemble phalluses,"" so the smiley face was added."\
"The average size of an erect penis is five inches, and the average flaccid penis measures about 3 inches."\
There\'92s almost 500 different types of bacteria in your mouth. Almost 50% of them live on your tongue. So perhaps the French Kiss should be renamed the Twice As Dirty Kiss.\
"One out of seventeen, or 400,000,000 people have sex a day. 4,000 people are doing it right now! So, the world is a rockin\'92, don\'92t go a knockin\'92."\
"Turn up the heat, in every way. The hotter the room, the fiercer the orgasm. Vasocongestion, or the heat flush on your skin, is akin to blushing from sex."\
Your vagina is also a great swim coach. The pelvic spasms caused by an orgasm actually move sperm up stream towards fertilizing your eggs.\
"Pops likes to get it on. Seventy-three-percent of 70-year-old men are still potent. Whoa, down boy!"\
"The endorphins released during sex actually relieve a headache. So that old excuse isn\'92t just tired, it\'92s just plain wrong!"\
"Back in 1609, Dr. Wecker found a dead man with two peckers! Since, 80 cases of double headers have been reported. But no word on whether or not those guys ever got them both on in a threesome."\
You can go from zero to 60 fast! The fastest speed a sexy sensation can travel from your va-jay-jay to your brain has been clocked at the Ferrari-fast speed of 156 mph.\
Erotic asphyxiation didn\'92t just kill INXS lead singer Michael Hutchence. Cutting off oxygen to your brain to feel a strong new sensation during sex causes around 500 American deaths every year.\
"Condoms are biodegradable \'97 some of them. Lambskin and latex condoms are biodegradable, but polyurethane condoms aren't."\
"Sex-enhancing CDs are being sold for setting the mood. Try some classical options to rock your world: Shacking Up to Chopin, Making Out to Mozart and Bedroom Bliss with Beethoven are available."\
"Don't douche \'97 it's not recommended anymore. Douching washes away the healthy bacteria in the vagina and alters the natural, healthy pH level. The practice can actually lead to the spread of infections in the reproductive organs."\
"Sex with a celebrity is the No. 1 fantasy worldwide. That's according to the recent Durex survey, which also found that four in 10 people have fantasized about sex with their best friend's partner!"\
Believe it \'96 blue balls are for real. The discomfort is caused when more blood flows into the penis than out. The uneven blood flow causes an increase in the volume of blood trapped in the genitals and contributes to the penis becoming erect and the testicles becoming engorged with blood.\
"It could take eight months for a couple to conceive. So you might not get a baby off the bat, but the wait can be more than worthwhile. At least a year should go by before you fret about your fertility."}